and more meetings on Friday near the
midnight this evaluation meeting
about the situation in acapulco the
director of conagua david korenfeld
denounced that the floods in the area
Acapulco diamond was because it
blocked trains and diverted channels
of rivers and lagoons for
build what I said
unit subdivisions
residential hotels centers
commercial this is the report
updated to tonight
in this diagram you can see the river
colazzo that runs towards the diamond zone
from acapulco the river was diverted to
build real estate developments
on its bed this was one of the nine
main rivers within the sub basin
of acapulco in relieving the water of
rain to the sea now there it
find an urban area the colony
city ​​he met one of the most affected
in acapulco by the storm manuel in
this graphic appears in blue color on
flooded area of city met
observe in a red line the train of the
Colazzo river that was canceled near
sea ​​port that another train is appreciated
canceled the mean channel that drains
goes to the black lagoon the third
blocking is in the mean channel
trico known now as geo I think so
what they did were great developments
of rooms I think there are in all
the non- middle class levels up
upper class
they built houses on many levels the
Developers say they will
they gave the permits there was lime but that
nothing if of the permits and then
investigate who gave those permits
knowing that this was an area
flooded
thousands of homes shopping centers
hotels and roads were built
in areas intended for water flow
rivers were diverted and blocked are
organized in the area of ​​the lagoon a
Acapulco diamond area is basically
a wetland is a flood zone
by nature if they have invaded the
wetland if they have gotten
to live in flood zones if they are
in the federal zones if we have changed
la la
river beds if we have to put in
better condition then we can wait in
this moment to build the road
that connects the airport with the area
acapulco diamond rose a dike
artificial a fill of more than one
meter in height that does not allow water
of rain flowing from the mountains towards the
sea ​​as it did naturally in
10 days the conagua will announce the
result of the study in which
will explain the areas that were
deforested the causes of rivers the
natural areas invaded the dots
where it was built irregularly and
if any authority granted the
permission to do it jesus beard
television news